Hello and welcome.
My name is Bill Roura, and I am your instructor in discourse.
I am very happy to have you on board in the next couple of hours.
I'm going to tell you everything.
A beginner wanting to start building applications in Laravel should know you will be transformed from
a Laravel beginner to the Laravel expert.
Before we get into technical details, I'd like to give you a short overview of the course.
First of the Udemy UI.
The curriculum is on the right side.
Clicking on the lectures will take you to this specific lecture.
This resources button means there is something extra added to the lecture that might be diagrams for
you to download sars-cov-2 or an external link to some other learning resource.
Now the player you can post videos when needed, rewind or go forward.
Most importantly, you can speed me up or slow me down.
I talk slowly so beginners can understand and people that prefer to type along can catch up.
If your time is limited, increase the video speed.
I can still be easily understood at twice the speed.
When you need to add notes for yourself, President Noad Button volume can be changed here, video quality
can be changed using this settings button.
I suggest playing at the outdoor setting, which at its best can play full HD.
If you have questions, click Q&A.
The questions and answers and ask a question is best.
If you ask the question under a specific lecture you can take.
If your question is not answered already, you can skip lectures by pressing the arrow buttons on the
left and right sides.
Sometimes I even advise skipping.
For example, when you are on windows, there is no point in watching instructions for MapQuest set
up.
Finally, you can join our discourse community.
This is a free chat application where you can talk to other students in our community.
I'm really glad you joined the cause and I can't wait until we dive into this great framework, which
Laravel certainly is together.